gh-109981: Resolve situation on iOS regarding fd_count. (#132823)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2025-04-23-02-23-37.gh-issue-109981.IX3k8p.rst

> Use ``/dev/fd`` on other Apple platforms, in addition to macOS, to determine
> the number of open files in ``test.support.os_helper.fd_count`` to avoid a crash
> with "guarded" file descriptors when probing for open files.
> 
> The text for this entry is adapted from the previous one fixing the issue for macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test helper that counts the list of open file descriptors now uses the
optimised ``/dev/fd`` approach on all Apple platforms, not just macOS.
This avoids crashes caused by guarded file descriptors.
```
